the bandeirantes radio
kill the curiosity here in the bandeirantes
Very well now we're going to get into the
digital world who comes to gilmar lopes
creator of the site www.ets.org farces point
with him he is still the only one who is still
in world cup rhythm for him to
Cup is not over because he has a
It was a mystery that was very
this week about the selection of germany
then or health the sea before believing
in everything you see on the internet
true or farce the world cup
It's over but it still yields a lot of history.
several news still circulating on the web
on the world football championship and
people are left without knowing what it is
true and what is easy right?
in the case of a text that appeared there
some days to congratulate the attitude of the
German soccer team that at the end of the
World Cup decided to donate the center of
training built by her in Bahia
to a needy community
Germany gave the hotel to a
community in bahia transform school
Is this true or is it
is easy
in December 2013 news sites
published an article on the recent
construction of a complex in santa cruz
of cabralia in Bahia with investments
that would have been the German national team and
resort would only serve to
concentration and training of players
However, German research
more accurate analysis done by the espm and discovered
ct that germany has been around for five
years and is in fact an
real estate in an interview with espn
the manager of the enterprise tobias jorge
explained that the place is a condominium
made to live and that the 14 houses
that are part of the complex will be
sold and in addition the official website of
Bahia explains in German that the
place is a luxury resort and will be
sale
good but despite the team's four-time choice
to have left without leaving the hotel
as a gift
the German football federation donated a
check of 10,000 euros for the Indians of
pataxó tribe and gave a financial aid
for the purchase of an ambulance for the
indigenous community and even the Germans
will donate for three years to the
school Saint Andrew village then
Curious friends this story of
German team have donated the hotel to a
community in the bay is the place where
they will concentrate during the cup
is a condominium that will begin to be
sold now that the cup is over
And then you want to know if what is
Rolling on the internet is true track
then hit a ball there at www.ets.org
do dot com